## Who Is This Book Intended For?

That book is suitable for any **begginers in programming** who want to try what programming is and learn the main constructions for creating programming code that are used in software development, regardless of the programming language and the technologies used. The book gives a **solid basis** of practical skills that you can use in any future training in programming and software development.

For anyone who hadn't passed **[the free course on Programming Basics in SoftUni](https://softuni.bg/apply)**, we specifically recommend to sign up for it **completely free**, because one learns programming by doing it, not by reading it! During the course you will get free access to lessons, explanations and demonstrations on site or online (such as video tutorials), **a lot of practice and code writing**, help with the task solutions after each topic, access to trainers, assistants and mentors, as well as forums and discussion groups for any questions, access to a community of thousands of people who are new in programming, and any other help that a begginer might need.

The free course for beginners in SoftUni is suitable for **students** (from 5th grade and above), **university students** and **workers** with any other professions, who want to gain technical knowledge and check if programming is what they like to do, and even understand if they would like to develop in the software development field.

**Every month new group starts.** The "Programming Basics" course at SoftUni is organized regularly with other different programming language, so just try. The course is **free** and you can quit any time you want if you want. **Signing up** for the free attendance or online training is available at the **SoftUni application form**: https://softuni.bg/apply
