## Problem: Crossing Sequences

We have two sequences:
   * **a sequence of Tribonacci** (by analogy with the Fibonacci sequence), where each number is **the sum of the previous three** (with given three numbers)
   * a sequence generated by a **numerical spiral** defined by crawling like a spiral (right, bottom, left, top, right, bottom, left, top, etc.) of a matrix of numbers starting from its center with a given starting number and increment step, by recording the current numbers in the sequence each time we make a turn

Write a program that finds the first number that appears **in the both so-defined sequences**.

### Input Data

Input data should be read from the console.
   * On the first three lines of the input will be **three integers**, representing **the first three numbers** in the Tribonacci sequence, positive non-zero numbers, sorted in ascending order.
   * On the next two lines of the input will be **two integers** representing **the first number** and **the step** for each cell of the matrix for the spiral of numbers. The numbers representing the spiral are positive non-zero.

Input data will always be valid and will always be in the format described. No need to check.

### Output Data

The result should be printed on the console.

On the single line of the output, you must print **the smallest number that occurs in both sequences**. If there is no number in the range [**1 … 1 000 000**], which can be found in both sequences, print "**No**".

### Constraints

* All numbers in the input will be in the range [**1 … 1 000 000**].
* Allowed program time: 0.3 seconds.
* Allowed memory: 16 MB.

### Sample Input and Output

| Input | Output  | Input | Output | Input | Output |
| ------ | -------- | ------ | ------------ | ------ | -------- |
|1<br>2<br>3<br>5<br>2<br>|37|13<br>25<br>99<br>5<br>2|13|99<br>99<br>99<br>2<br>2|No|


| Input | Output  | Input | Output      |
| ------ | ------- | ------ | ------------ |
|1<br>1<br>1<br>1<br>1|1|1<br>4<br>7<br>23<br>3|23|
