### Project Solutions and Projects in Visual Studio

Before we start working with Visual Studio, it is necessary to get familiar with the concepts of a **Visual Studio Solution** and a **Visual Studio Project**, which are an inevitable part of it.

**Visual Studio Project** represents "the project" we are working on. In the beginning, these will be our console applications, which we are going to learn writing with the help of the current book, the resources in it and the course Programming Basics in SoftUni. With deeper learning, time and practice, these projects will move into the direction of desktop applications, web applications and other developments. A project in VS **logically groups multiple files** constructing a given application or a component. A **C# project** contains one or more  **C# source files**, configuration files and other resources. In every C# source file there is one or more **definition of types** (classes or other definitions). In **the classes** there are **methods** (actions), and they contain **a sequence of commands**. It sounds complicated, but with bigger projects a structure like this one is very convenient and allows good organization of the work files.

**Visual Studio Solution** represents a container (a work solution), in which **a few projects are logically bound**. The purpose of the binding of these VS Projects is to create an opportunity for the code from any of the projects to collaborate with the code from the rest of the VS projects, in order for the application or the website to work correctly. When the software product or service that we develop is big, it is build as a **VS Solution**, and this Solution is split into **projects** (VS Projects) and inside each project there are **folders with source files**. This hierarchical organization is much more convenient with more serious projects (let's say over 50 000 rows of code).

For **smaller projects** VS Solutions and VS Projects are **complicating the work**, rather then helping, but you will get used to it quickly.
